The show segmented and show java doc hover action should leverage the new 
EditorContribution mechanism:

Editor Action Contributions 
Editor contributions remain visible but disabled when the editor is the "last 
active editor" but is not the active part. This is now true for menubar and 
toolbar contributions (in 1.0 it only applied to toolbar contributions). 

There is however an exception to this. The classes RetargetAction and 
LabelRetargetAction have been moved to the API package org.eclipse.ui.actions. 
These classes implement the "Global Action" behavior in the workbench. An 
editor action contributor may  contribute one of these actions (and supply an 
action handler for it). If an active view supplies a handler for the action, 
the action will be enabled. 

The readme example has been modified to demostrate this behavior. The editor 
contributes global actions and the content outline supplies a handler for these 
actions.

The show segmented and show java doc hover action should leverage the new 
EditorContribution mechanism:

Editor Action Contributions 
Editor contributions remain visible but disabled when the editor is the "last 
active editor" but is not the active part. This is now true for menubar and 
toolbar contributions (in 1.0 it only applied to toolbar contributions). 

There is however an exception to this. The classes RetargetAction and 
LabelRetargetAction have been moved to the API package org.eclipse.ui.actions. 
These classes implement the "Global Action" behavior in the workbench. An 
editor action contributor may  contribute one of these actions (and supply an 
action handler for it). If an active view supplies a handler for the action, 
the action will be enabled. 

The readme example has been modified to demostrate this behavior. The editor 
contributes global actions and the content outline supplies a handler for these 
actions.
Build 20020402.


Leverage new editor contribution



3.0 maintenance - Fix for 117495 

3.1 maintenance - Fix for 117495 

HEAD - Fix for 117495 

117493 [content assist] CompletionRequestor#completionFailure(IProblem)) is ignored 