If I open a java file from the Navigator view (Java Perspective), and 
immediately delete it, the editor of the file does not close automatically 
(this does not seem normal).  Say I leave the editor open, as soon as I try to 
type something in the deleted file's editor, a pop-up says "file has been 
deleted from system" and asks if I want to save the change or close the editor 
without saving.

NOTE:  if I modified the file and did not save the modification before I delete 
it, the pop-up won't show up.

Anyway, if I click on Save (in the pop-up), and save under the original file 
name, the same window just doesn't go away even if I keep clicking OK, and I 
was forced to choose Cancel.  If I had given it another filename to save under 
it would save properly, under the new filename.

If I took the other route and click on Close in the pop-up, the editor still 
stays there with the file opened.  If I then choose Save from the File menu, 
the Save As dialog pops up and behaves exactly as mentioned above (window won't 
go away unless you give the file another name to save under or choose Cancel).

I tried all these on a fresh workspace so it's nothing to do with workspace 
corruption.

If I open a java file from the Navigator view (Java Perspective), and 
immediately delete it, the editor of the file does not close automatically 
(this does not seem normal).  Say I leave the editor open, as soon as I try to 
type something in the deleted file's editor, a pop-up says "file has been 
deleted from system" and asks if I want to save the change or close the editor 
without saving.

NOTE:  if I modified the file and did not save the modification before I delete 
it, the pop-up won't show up.

Anyway, if I click on Save (in the pop-up), and save under the original file 
name, the same window just doesn't go away even if I keep clicking OK, and I 
was forced to choose Cancel.  If I had given it another filename to save under 
it would save properly, under the new filename.

If I took the other route and click on Close in the pop-up, the editor still 
stays there with the file opened.  If I then choose Save from the File menu, 
the Save As dialog pops up and behaves exactly as mentioned above (window won't 
go away unless you give the file another name to save under or choose Cancel).

I tried all these on a fresh workspace so it's nothing to do with workspace 
corruption.
which build are you using?
notice when the you delete a file that is modified in the editor, then leaving 
the editor open is the designed behaviour. Closing the editor would result in a 
loss of user data.
I was using the M5 20020412 build.  Good point re: loss of data with closing 
the editor.  FYI the editor remained open if the file deleted was not modified.
Problem disappeared on the recent F2 build.


Deleting a java file doesn't close its editor and save problems

