I can no longer build my project.  When I attempt to build it says "The project 
was not build since it is inconsistant.  Refresh the project and then try 
rebuilding it".

I have refreshed from local serveral times and tried to build yeilding the same 
results.  I have closed eclipse, closed my project, opened my project, and 
drawn a pentegram on the floor in spilt chicken blood but nothing seems to let 
me get my project to rebuild. 

I am using eclipse 2002-02-14

I can no longer build my project.  When I attempt to build it says "The project 
was not build since it is inconsistant.  Refresh the project and then try 
rebuilding it".

I have refreshed from local serveral times and tried to build yeilding the same 
results.  I have closed eclipse, closed my project, opened my project, and 
drawn a pentegram on the floor in spilt chicken blood but nothing seems to let 
me get my project to rebuild. 

I am using eclipse 2002-02-14
inconsistent spelled it wrong =)  Could prevent others from finding this bug.
Quick fix is to just rename your project.  It seems that renaming my project 
created a new one with the new name but also removed this inconsistent build 
problem on the old one.  


This is likely caused by a dosbox/explorer with its current directory inside 
the bin directory.

Do you know if you were browsing the output directory?
To give users a better idea why the project could be inconsistent, I've changed 
the message to be:

The project was not built since it is inconsistent. Ensure no other tool is 
browsing the output directory, then refresh this project and try rebuilding it.
It is quite possible that one of the other views within Eclipse was in my bin 
output directory.  
Closing... the message change should make users look around.


Project not build since it was inconsistent



Bug 329812 - Compiler warnings in N20101108-2000 build 