Build: I20030716

Every time I click or move the selection with the keyboard in the package
explorer,  it is requesting the decorated text for the selection.  This fires a
background decoration request.  The net result is that the progress widget
dances while you change the selection in the packages view (this also causes
unneccesary background thread activity which could affect performance on some
platforms).

The label request comes from the update method of GoIntoAction, because it is
changing the name of the Go Into action based on the selection (I don't know
why, this doesn't seem to be visible anywhere).

The navigator view does not exhibit this behaviour because it does not call
GotoActionGroup.update() on selection change, it simply updates the enablement
of the action manually.

Build: I20030716

Every time I click or move the selection with the keyboard in the package
explorer,  it is requesting the decorated text for the selection.  This fires a
background decoration request.  The net result is that the progress widget
dances while you change the selection in the packages view (this also causes
unneccesary background thread activity which could affect performance on some
platforms).

The label request comes from the update method of GoIntoAction, because it is
changing the name of the Go Into action based on the selection (I don't know
why, this doesn't seem to be visible anywhere).

The navigator view does not exhibit this behaviour because it does not call
GotoActionGroup.update() on selection change, it simply updates the enablement
of the action manually.
The goInto action only appears in the context menu and there is no need to 
track the selection.




Packages view requesting labels on selection change



Fixed Bug 402618 - [1.8][compiler] Compiler fails to resolve type annotations on method/constructor references 

40261   Packages view requesting labels on selection change 