EG (9/6/2001 12:02:20 PM)
From Customer:

We have custom project creation wizards for the j2ee project types (EJB,
App Client, and WEB).  They have a look and feel almost exactly like the
Java project wizard.  We are adding a page between the project name page
and java build page; this page provides another view for setting up
dependencies between modules in an Enterprise Application (EAR project).
Selections on this page drive the selections/default classpath entries on
the Java page.

I've already made a copy of
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.wizards.NewJavaProjectWizardPage, because I need to be
able to get to the fBuildPathBlock, so I can invoke the method    public
void init(IProject project, boolean force).  This is to cover the case
where the user flips backward from the java page to the Module Dependency
page, changes the settings, then flips forward to the java page again.  I
still have the problem, however, of how to synchronize changes from the
java page back to the Module Dependency page.  To do that, I would need to
make a copy of BuildPathsBlock, and all the package visible classes it
references, and expose some of the internals.

A common model and/or public api on the NewJavaProjectWizardPage to
facilitate this would be very helpful.



NOTES:

MA (18.09.2001 19:12:51)
	Rework of the API of NewJavaProjectWizardPage.

EG (9/6/2001 12:02:20 PM)
From Customer:

We have custom project creation wizards for the j2ee project types (EJB,
App Client, and WEB).  They have a look and feel almost exactly like the
Java project wizard.  We are adding a page between the project name page
and java build page; this page provides another view for setting up
dependencies between modules in an Enterprise Application (EAR project).
Selections on this page drive the selections/default classpath entries on
the Java page.

I've already made a copy of
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.wizards.NewJavaProjectWizardPage, because I need to be
able to get to the fBuildPathBlock, so I can invoke the method    public
void init(IProject project, boolean force).  This is to cover the case
where the user flips backward from the java page to the Module Dependency
page, changes the settings, then flips forward to the java page again.  I
still have the problem, however, of how to synchronize changes from the
java page back to the Module Dependency page.  To do that, I would need to
make a copy of BuildPathsBlock, and all the package visible classes it
references, and expose some of the internals.

A common model and/or public api on the NewJavaProjectWizardPage to
facilitate this would be very helpful.



NOTES:

MA (18.09.2001 19:12:51)
	Rework of the API of NewJavaProjectWizardPage.
moved to fixed


API: NewProjectCreationWizard (1GJNJE1)



Bug 417758 - [1.8][null] Null safety compromise during array creation 

Bug 417759 - [1.8][null] NPE during null analysis 

Fixed bug 417765: ImageDescriptorRegistry.hookDisplay() causes SWT Invalid thread access 