20031120

I got this one while self hosting off of the 4PM build on 1120 - not sure when 
as I only noticed when I shutdown.

I had loaded the platform-ui module in and then immendiately loaded all other 
plugins from binaries.

This didn't seem to affect anything so I don't think it needs to be addressed 
for M5.

java.lang.NullPointerException
	at 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.core.search.indexing.IndexManager.rebuildIndex
(IndexManager.java:335)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.core.search.indexing.IndexManager.getIndex
(IndexManager.java:145)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.core.search.IndexSelector.getIndexes
(IndexSelector.java:162)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.core.search.PatternSearchJob.execute
(PatternSearchJob.java:67)
	at 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.core.search.processing.JobManager.performConcurrentJob
(JobManager.java:259)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.core.search.SearchEngine.searchAllTypeNames
(SearchEngine.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.corext.util.AllTypesCache.search
(AllTypesCache.java:430)
	at 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.corext.util.AllTypesCache$TypeCacher.doSearchTypes
(AllTypesCache.java:132)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.corext.util.AllTypesCache$TypeCacher.run
(AllTypesCache.java:98)

20031120

I got this one while self hosting off of the 4PM build on 1120 - not sure when 
as I only noticed when I shutdown.

I had loaded the platform-ui module in and then immendiately loaded all other 
plugins from binaries.

This didn't seem to affect anything so I don't think it needs to be addressed 
for M5.

java.lang.NullPointerException
	at 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.core.search.indexing.IndexManager.rebuildIndex
(IndexManager.java:335)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.core.search.indexing.IndexManager.getIndex
(IndexManager.java:145)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.core.search.IndexSelector.getIndexes
(IndexSelector.java:162)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.core.search.PatternSearchJob.execute
(PatternSearchJob.java:67)
	at 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.core.search.processing.JobManager.performConcurrentJob
(JobManager.java:259)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.core.search.SearchEngine.searchAllTypeNames
(SearchEngine.java:736)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.corext.util.AllTypesCache.search
(AllTypesCache.java:430)
	at 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.corext.util.AllTypesCache$TypeCacher.doSearchTypes
(AllTypesCache.java:132)
	at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.corext.util.AllTypesCache$TypeCacher.run
(AllTypesCache.java:98)
For this to happen on this line:
 Object target = JavaModel.getTarget(ResourcesPlugin.getWorkspace().getRoot(), 
path, true);

Then ResourcesPlugin.getWorkspace() must have returned null.

Moving to Core for comment. Is this possible?
Yes, it will be null after the resources plugin has shutdown.  Whoever is
spawning that thread (JDT UI?) should make sure it dies during their plugin
shutdown (or tolerate the fact that resources plugin is gone away).
So then the thread which controls o.e.jdt.internal.corext.util.AllTypesCache 
must be terminated while the JDT UI plugin is shutdown & not afterwards. It 
must wait in its shutdown method for the thread to terminate.

Moving to JDT UI.
fixed for N20031128


NPE during rebuidling of Index [misc]



fixed #47218 