When I context click on certain parts of my live bookmark (near the right hand
edge, about the last 20% of the name) I get the wrong context menu which allows
me to create new personal toolbar folders.

Steps: Create a live bookmark on the personal toolbar. Context Click the right
edge of the live bookmark folder. 

results: active "new folder" menu item which allows you to create new folders on
the personal toolbar. context clicking on the left side of the live bookmark
folder has a disabled "new folder" menu item.

The context menu for livemarks should be the same as the context menu for
bookmark folders with the addition of the "update" menu item. Having this
inconsistency with other bookmark menus, plus the inconsistency within the
livemark menu itself is not good.

When I context click on certain parts of my live bookmark (near the right hand
edge, about the last 20% of the name) I get the wrong context menu which allows
me to create new personal toolbar folders.

Steps: Create a live bookmark on the personal toolbar. Context Click the right
edge of the live bookmark folder. 

results: active "new folder" menu item which allows you to create new folders on
the personal toolbar. context clicking on the left side of the live bookmark
folder has a disabled "new folder" menu item.

The context menu for livemarks should be the same as the context menu for
bookmark folders with the addition of the "update" menu item. Having this
inconsistency with other bookmark menus, plus the inconsistency within the
livemark menu itself is not good.
what build do you use ?

WFM
Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040723
Firefox/0.9.1+
patch in on aviary, trunk soon (once bookmarks stuff gets moved over)

http://tinderbox.mozilla.org/bonsai/cvsquery.cgi?module=AviaryBranchTinderbox&branch=AVIARY_1_0_20040515_BRANCH&cvsroot=/cvsroot&date=explicit&mindate=1090724100&maxdate=1090724640&who=vladimir%25pobox.com

Livemark context menus look consistant throughout the four bookmarks access
points. Seen on 0.9+ branch builds from 0726.
fixed branch/trunk
sorry for bugspam, long-overdue mass reassign of ancient QA contact bugs, filter on "beltznerLovesGoats" to get rid of this mass change
