User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040719 Firefox/0.9.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040719 Firefox/0.9.1

When attempting to bookmark a page, Firefox's behavior deviates significantly
and very unintuitively from normal browser behavior.  By bringing up a window
asking where to save the bookmark, it forces another step in the process of
bookmarking a page that is completely unnecessary, and in fact very harmful the
way it's done right now.

The default selection of folder for where to save the bookmark is always
'Bookmarks toolbar folder'.  Any user hitting enter or 'add' to try to bypass
this new and unnecessary dialog will have their bookmark dropped in this folder,
which places the bookmark in the toolbar under the menu.  This is decidedly NOT
where the user intended to place the bookmark.

In order to accomplish what users have been doing forever, one has to first know
the difference between "Bookmarks toolbar folder" and plain "Bookmarks", which
itself makes no sense simply because "Bookmarks" is in fact the strict parent of
all the other folders listed in the given dropdown, and not a sibling.  Once one
gets past this logical problem, you have to actively go and fix the selection
before hitting "Add".

The most basic fix is to a) move "Bookmarks" to the top of the dropdown list and
visually separate it from its child folders with a horizontal line and optional
indentation of the children as per all other folder views, and b) make
"Bookmarks" the default choice at all times.

A much more user-friendly approach that retains the behavior that users have
expected and received from browsers for a very long time now is to make the
normal "Bookmark this page" command do exactly what it says it will, and place
the bookmark where it is expected to go, specifically at the bottom of the
primary bookmarks list.

The ability to place the bookmark in any folder can be done either with a
secondary command "Bookmark in..." as per Netscape 4.x, or with a secondary
"Bookmark in..." submenu as per Mozilla ~1.x.

Fundamentally, users should not be force to make a choice that a) they never had
to in the past, and b) is unnecessary to make.  Especially important is that if
such a choice ABSOLUTELY MUST NO MATTER WHAT be force upon the user (which this
definitely does NOT classify as), then the defaults must be sane, which they are
currently not.

Almost any user attempting to switch from IE to Firefox is going to run into and
be severely annoyed by this behavior.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Choose "Bookmark this page" from the Bookmarks menu.
Actual Results:  
A dialog appears asking me where to place the bookmark, with the default
location being completely wrong

Expected Results:  
No dialog at all should appear, the bookmark should be put where I want it: at
the bottom of my list of bookmarks.  If I want to put the bookmark somewhere
special, that is an exceptional operation and therefore must be treated and
presented as such.

User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040719 Firefox/0.9.1
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.7) Gecko/20040719 Firefox/0.9.1

When attempting to bookmark a page, Firefox's behavior deviates significantly
and very unintuitively from normal browser behavior.  By bringing up a window
asking where to save the bookmark, it forces another step in the process of
bookmarking a page that is completely unnecessary, and in fact very harmful the
way it's done right now.

The default selection of folder for where to save the bookmark is always
'Bookmarks toolbar folder'.  Any user hitting enter or 'add' to try to bypass
this new and unnecessary dialog will have their bookmark dropped in this folder,
which places the bookmark in the toolbar under the menu.  This is decidedly NOT
where the user intended to place the bookmark.

In order to accomplish what users have been doing forever, one has to first know
the difference between "Bookmarks toolbar folder" and plain "Bookmarks", which
itself makes no sense simply because "Bookmarks" is in fact the strict parent of
all the other folders listed in the given dropdown, and not a sibling.  Once one
gets past this logical problem, you have to actively go and fix the selection
before hitting "Add".

The most basic fix is to a) move "Bookmarks" to the top of the dropdown list and
visually separate it from its child folders with a horizontal line and optional
indentation of the children as per all other folder views, and b) make
"Bookmarks" the default choice at all times.

A much more user-friendly approach that retains the behavior that users have
expected and received from browsers for a very long time now is to make the
normal "Bookmark this page" command do exactly what it says it will, and place
the bookmark where it is expected to go, specifically at the bottom of the
primary bookmarks list.

The ability to place the bookmark in any folder can be done either with a
secondary command "Bookmark in..." as per Netscape 4.x, or with a secondary
"Bookmark in..." submenu as per Mozilla ~1.x.

Fundamentally, users should not be force to make a choice that a) they never had
to in the past, and b) is unnecessary to make.  Especially important is that if
such a choice ABSOLUTELY MUST NO MATTER WHAT be force upon the user (which this
definitely does NOT classify as), then the defaults must be sane, which they are
currently not.

Almost any user attempting to switch from IE to Firefox is going to run into and
be severely annoyed by this behavior.

Reproducible: Always
Steps to Reproduce:
1. Choose "Bookmark this page" from the Bookmarks menu.
Actual Results:  
A dialog appears asking me where to place the bookmark, with the default
location being completely wrong

Expected Results:  
No dialog at all should appear, the bookmark should be put where I want it: at
the bottom of my list of bookmarks.  If I want to put the bookmark somewhere
special, that is an exceptional operation and therefore must be treated and
presented as such.
default location now is "Bookmarks".  It'll still present the dialog, but the
default will always be "Bookmarks".
sorry for bugspam, long-overdue mass reassign of ancient QA contact bugs, filter on "beltznerLovesGoats" to get rid of this mass change
