In prior versions of Eclipse and GTK+, CTRL+SHIFT+[0-9A-F] did not work as a 
key binding.  This happened because of a special input mode in GTK+ and the 
fact that Eclipse switched to using Display.addFilter rather than real menu 
accelerators.  To accomodate this, JDT create the following special bindings 
on GTK+ 
 
    ESC CTRL+C   Toggle Comment 
    ESC CTRL+F   Format 
 
Since then, I've added a special workaround in Eclipse for dealing with this 
scenario.  This workaround only works within an Eclipse workbench window, and 
so is not appropriate for commands that need to be used in dialogs.  However, 
I believe that neither of these commands is used in a dialog. 
 
Also, GTK+ has recently moved on 
"http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=82011".  They have committed 
changes to how their input mode works.  In future versions of GTK+, they will 
only grab CTRL+SHIFT+U, which will start one of these unicode sequences. 
 
I feel comfortable now recommending that Eclipse SDK plug-ins stop using "ESC 
CTRL+" to replace "CTRL+SHIFT+" for bindings in the [0-9A-F] range.

In prior versions of Eclipse and GTK+, CTRL+SHIFT+[0-9A-F] did not work as a 
key binding.  This happened because of a special input mode in GTK+ and the 
fact that Eclipse switched to using Display.addFilter rather than real menu 
accelerators.  To accomodate this, JDT create the following special bindings 
on GTK+ 
 
    ESC CTRL+C   Toggle Comment 
    ESC CTRL+F   Format 
 
Since then, I've added a special workaround in Eclipse for dealing with this 
scenario.  This workaround only works within an Eclipse workbench window, and 
so is not appropriate for commands that need to be used in dialogs.  However, 
I believe that neither of these commands is used in a dialog. 
 
Also, GTK+ has recently moved on 
"http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=82011".  They have committed 
changes to how their input mode works.  In future versions of GTK+, they will 
only grab CTRL+SHIFT+U, which will start one of these unicode sequences. 
 
I feel comfortable now recommending that Eclipse SDK plug-ins stop using "ESC 
CTRL+" to replace "CTRL+SHIFT+" for bindings in the [0-9A-F] range.
Tom, please check whether this works as outlined by Doug and if so, change it.
We will leave in the special gtk bindings (Esc Ctrl+{F,C}) for backward
compatibility, but no longer explicitely remove the default Ctrl+Shift bindings
on the gtk platform.

fixed > 20051004
I would actually recommend removing the "ESC" key bindings.  I have received 
complaints about them in the past, as they can cause unexpected behaviour when 
closing dialogs or trying to cancel user actions in the workbench. 
Dani?
Removing them is is bad for people who got used to those key bindings.
