20020321 m4, Win 2K

I was using a deprecated method and had a compiler error on the same line. The 
warning marker was placed directly over top of the error marker making it hard 
to see I had an error (in fact at first I could not figure out why the outline 
was showing error, but I saw no error in the editor, and when I clicked on the 
error marker in the task list it was taking me to a line with a warning). Only 
on closer inspection I noticed some red pixels around the warning icon and 
realized what was happening.

Either place the icons in the editor margin so that the "most significan" icon 
is visible (compilke error in my scenario) or somehow make the multiple markers 
more visible in the margin.

20020321 m4, Win 2K

I was using a deprecated method and had a compiler error on the same line. The 
warning marker was placed directly over top of the error marker making it hard 
to see I had an error (in fact at first I could not figure out why the outline 
was showing error, but I saw no error in the editor, and when I clicked on the 
error marker in the task list it was taking me to a line with a warning). Only 
on closer inspection I noticed some red pixels around the warning icon and 
realized what was happening.

Either place the icons in the editor margin so that the "most significan" icon 
is visible (compilke error in my scenario) or somehow make the multiple markers 
more visible in the margin.
when there are multiple markers then the hover shows you all their associated 
messages.

Annotations in the vertical ruler support layers. markers with different 
severities are assigned to the same layer. Suggest to use different layers for 
different severities.
Build > 20020402.
