Build 20020425

Running under OptimizeIt, I observed the following behavior:
1. Open java editor on compilation unit x/y/NewClass.java
2. Close java editor
3. Force global garbarge collect several times
4. The char array corresponding to the contents of the cu is still hold on:
References to char[32]=[ ,  , p, u, b, l, i, c,  , c, l, a, s, s,  , N, e, w, 
C, l, a, s, s,  , {,  ,  ,  ,  , },  ,  ]. application 
org.eclipse.core.launcher.UIMain
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----

 char[32]=[ ,  , p, u, b, l, i, c,  , c, l, a, s, s,  , N, e, w, C, l, a, s, 
s,  , {,  ,  ,  ,  , },  ,  ]
   fBuffer of org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.text.java.JavaCodeScanner 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.text.java.JavaCodeScanner@f3b00603
      fCodeScanner of org.eclipse.jdt.ui.text.JavaTextTools 
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.text.JavaTextTools@f3b43017
         fJavaTextTools of 
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.text.JavaSourceViewerConfiguration 
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.text.JavaSourceViewerConfiguration@f3b983a2
            fConfiguration of 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditor 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditor@f3b97ea0
               part of org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorSite 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorSite@f3b9e224
                  fSite of 
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.actions.UnifiedSite$WorkbenchPartSite 
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.actions.UnifiedSite$WorkbenchPartSite@f45e50af
                     fSite of 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.refactoring.actions.PullUpAction 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.refactoring.actions.PullUpAction@f45e50aa
                        element of Object[31]=
[org.eclipse.ui.texteditor.AbstractTextEditor$5 0x14400be0, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x14400c38, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x14400e50, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x14401068, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x14401280, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x14401300, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x14401370, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x144013e0, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x14401450, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x14401588, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.refactoring.actions.RenameAction 0x14403b88, 
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.actions.SelfEncapsulateFieldAction 0x14403c98, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.refactoring.actions.InlineTempAction 0x14403cf0, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.refactoring.actions.ExtractTempAction 0x14403d48, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.refactoring.actions.ExtractMethodAction 0x14403da0, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.refactoring.actions.ModifyParametersAction 
0x14403e80, ...
                           listeners of org.eclipse.jface.util.ListenerList 
org.eclipse.jface.util.ListenerList@f45d051b
                              selectionChangedListeners of 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditor$AdaptedSourceViewer
 org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEd...
                                 fOperationTarget of 
org.eclipse.ui.texteditor.TextOperationAction 
org.eclipse.ui.texteditor.TextOperationAction@f45e3e72
                                    fAction of 
org.eclipse.ui.texteditor.RetargetTextEditorAction 
org.eclipse.ui.texteditor.RetargetTextEditorAction@f45c8a6c
                                       fContextInformation of 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditorActionContributor 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEdito...
                                          this$0 of 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditorActionContributor$Re
targetEditorAction org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor...
                                             element of Object[31]=
[org.eclipse.ui.internal.WWinKeyBindingService$1 0x135f2490, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.ShowViewMenu 0x1360a180, 
org.eclipse.ui.views.navigator.ResourceNavigator$1 0x13884300, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.packageview.PackageExplorerPart$1 0x13884d78, 
org.eclipse.ui.views.tasklist.TaskList$1 0x138c3020, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.PagePartSelectionTracker 0x13d78078, 
org.eclipse.debug.internal.ui.views.ConsoleView 0x138e65f0, 
org.eclipse.debug.internal.ui.actions.ConsoleTerminateActionDelegate 
0x13dc9308, 
org.eclipse.debug.internal.ui.actions.ConsoleTerminateActionDelegate 
0x13dd41d0, org.eclipse.ui.views.contentoutline.ContentOutline 0x138e8958, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.WWinPartService 0x135df050, 
org.eclipse.ui.actions.RetargetAction 0x143eedc8, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditorActionContributor$Re
targetEditorAction 0x143ef6c0, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditorActionContributor$Re
targetEditorAction 0x143ef758, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditorActionContributor$Re
targetEditorAction 0x143ef888, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditorActionContributor$Re
targetEditorAction 0x143ef7f0, ...
                                                listeners of 
org.eclipse.jface.util.ListenerList org.eclipse.jface.util.ListenerList@f3a8ac78
                                                   listeners of 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.PartListenerList 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.PartListenerList@f3a8ac05
                                                      partListeners of 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.WorkbenchPage 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.WorkbenchPage@f3a8b5ad
                                                         active of 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.WorkbenchWindow$PageList 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.WorkbenchWindow$PageList@f3ad8e69
                                                            pageList of 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.WorkbenchWindow 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.WorkbenchWindow@f3ad9196
                                                               element of Object
[10]=[org.eclipse.ui.internal.WorkbenchWindow 0x135de4c8, 0x0, 0x0, 0x0, 0x0, 
0x0, 0x0, 0x0, 0x0, 0x0]
                                                               this$0 of 
org.eclipse.jface.window.Window$FontChangeListener 
org.eclipse.jface.window.Window$FontChangeListener@f3a86a4f

Build 20020425

Running under OptimizeIt, I observed the following behavior:
1. Open java editor on compilation unit x/y/NewClass.java
2. Close java editor
3. Force global garbarge collect several times
4. The char array corresponding to the contents of the cu is still hold on:
References to char[32]=[ ,  , p, u, b, l, i, c,  , c, l, a, s, s,  , N, e, w, 
C, l, a, s, s,  , {,  ,  ,  ,  , },  ,  ]. application 
org.eclipse.core.launcher.UIMain
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----

 char[32]=[ ,  , p, u, b, l, i, c,  , c, l, a, s, s,  , N, e, w, C, l, a, s, 
s,  , {,  ,  ,  ,  , },  ,  ]
   fBuffer of org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.text.java.JavaCodeScanner 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.text.java.JavaCodeScanner@f3b00603
      fCodeScanner of org.eclipse.jdt.ui.text.JavaTextTools 
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.text.JavaTextTools@f3b43017
         fJavaTextTools of 
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.text.JavaSourceViewerConfiguration 
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.text.JavaSourceViewerConfiguration@f3b983a2
            fConfiguration of 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditor 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditor@f3b97ea0
               part of org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorSite 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorSite@f3b9e224
                  fSite of 
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.actions.UnifiedSite$WorkbenchPartSite 
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.actions.UnifiedSite$WorkbenchPartSite@f45e50af
                     fSite of 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.refactoring.actions.PullUpAction 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.refactoring.actions.PullUpAction@f45e50aa
                        element of Object[31]=
[org.eclipse.ui.texteditor.AbstractTextEditor$5 0x14400be0, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x14400c38, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x14400e50, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x14401068, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x14401280, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x14401300, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x14401370, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x144013e0, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x14401450, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.EditorPluginAction 0x14401588, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.refactoring.actions.RenameAction 0x14403b88, 
org.eclipse.jdt.ui.actions.SelfEncapsulateFieldAction 0x14403c98, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.refactoring.actions.InlineTempAction 0x14403cf0, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.refactoring.actions.ExtractTempAction 0x14403d48, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.refactoring.actions.ExtractMethodAction 0x14403da0, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.refactoring.actions.ModifyParametersAction 
0x14403e80, ...
                           listeners of org.eclipse.jface.util.ListenerList 
org.eclipse.jface.util.ListenerList@f45d051b
                              selectionChangedListeners of 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditor$AdaptedSourceViewer
 org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEd...
                                 fOperationTarget of 
org.eclipse.ui.texteditor.TextOperationAction 
org.eclipse.ui.texteditor.TextOperationAction@f45e3e72
                                    fAction of 
org.eclipse.ui.texteditor.RetargetTextEditorAction 
org.eclipse.ui.texteditor.RetargetTextEditorAction@f45c8a6c
                                       fContextInformation of 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditorActionContributor 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEdito...
                                          this$0 of 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditorActionContributor$Re
targetEditorAction org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor...
                                             element of Object[31]=
[org.eclipse.ui.internal.WWinKeyBindingService$1 0x135f2490, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.ShowViewMenu 0x1360a180, 
org.eclipse.ui.views.navigator.ResourceNavigator$1 0x13884300, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.packageview.PackageExplorerPart$1 0x13884d78, 
org.eclipse.ui.views.tasklist.TaskList$1 0x138c3020, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.PagePartSelectionTracker 0x13d78078, 
org.eclipse.debug.internal.ui.views.ConsoleView 0x138e65f0, 
org.eclipse.debug.internal.ui.actions.ConsoleTerminateActionDelegate 
0x13dc9308, 
org.eclipse.debug.internal.ui.actions.ConsoleTerminateActionDelegate 
0x13dd41d0, org.eclipse.ui.views.contentoutline.ContentOutline 0x138e8958, 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.WWinPartService 0x135df050, 
org.eclipse.ui.actions.RetargetAction 0x143eedc8, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditorActionContributor$Re
targetEditorAction 0x143ef6c0, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditorActionContributor$Re
targetEditorAction 0x143ef758, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditorActionContributor$Re
targetEditorAction 0x143ef888, 
org.eclipse.jdt.internal.ui.javaeditor.CompilationUnitEditorActionContributor$Re
targetEditorAction 0x143ef7f0, ...
                                                listeners of 
org.eclipse.jface.util.ListenerList org.eclipse.jface.util.ListenerList@f3a8ac78
                                                   listeners of 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.PartListenerList 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.PartListenerList@f3a8ac05
                                                      partListeners of 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.WorkbenchPage 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.WorkbenchPage@f3a8b5ad
                                                         active of 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.WorkbenchWindow$PageList 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.WorkbenchWindow$PageList@f3ad8e69
                                                            pageList of 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.WorkbenchWindow 
org.eclipse.ui.internal.WorkbenchWindow@f3ad9196
                                                               element of Object
[10]=[org.eclipse.ui.internal.WorkbenchWindow 0x135de4c8, 0x0, 0x0, 0x0, 0x0, 
0x0, 0x0, 0x0, 0x0, 0x0]
                                                               this$0 of 
org.eclipse.jface.window.Window$FontChangeListener 
org.eclipse.jface.window.Window$FontChangeListener@f3a86a4f
Created attachment 717
The above references graph is clearer in the attached document
The JavaCodeScanner is a buffered scanner. The same JavaCodeScanner is used for 
all JavaEditors. Thus, when closing an editor, it is ok that the scanner still 
holds a reference to its buffer. The buffer however does not belong to the 
editor.

The reference tree shows that the editor's site is still around although the 
editor has been closed. This has been fixed for F1.
