When a Java project is checked out from CVS, any libraries that are listed in 
the .classpath file that cannot be found as listed in the file are not 
displayed with the Packages view.  All libraries are listed correctly within 
the Java Build Path window under the Project properties.  Once the library 
files are added correctly to the file system location that the project expects, 
and the project is rebuilt, the libraries are still not displayed in the 
Packages View.  I have tried manually refreshing the project, but can only get 
the libraries to correctly be displayed after closing and restarting Eclipse.

As a side note it would be nice to have missing libraries displayed with a 
visual indicator noting that the file is missing.

When a Java project is checked out from CVS, any libraries that are listed in 
the .classpath file that cannot be found as listed in the file are not 
displayed with the Packages view.  All libraries are listed correctly within 
the Java Build Path window under the Project properties.  Once the library 
files are added correctly to the file system location that the project expects, 
and the project is rebuilt, the libraries are still not displayed in the 
Packages View.  I have tried manually refreshing the project, but can only get 
the libraries to correctly be displayed after closing and restarting Eclipse.

As a side note it would be nice to have missing libraries displayed with a 
visual indicator noting that the file is missing.
You're right. refresh should do that.

The workaround is to close the package view and reopen (Window->Show view..).
In 2.o refresh now brings back the missing library. So this is OK. We should 
still think about showing missing libraries in the package explorer as well. 
Got addressed for M5 milestone build.
