eclipse-SDK-20020612
ibm jdk1.3.1

I closed 20 projects in the java perspective, choosing the projects from the 
package view.  The 20 projects I closed were org.eclipse.swt.* and 
org.eclipse.jdt.*  I closed all 20 projects simultaneously using the 
project>close menu.  I then re-openned all 20 projects simultaneously using the 
project>open menu pull down.  When I perform this operation I generage over 
40,000 compile errors.  It appears the projects are being re-openned one at a 
time, not in compile order.  I would expect the open project to perform the 
operation as a group, in compile order.

I repeated the same experiment in the java perspective using the navigator view 
and everything behaved correctly.  In addition the behaviour in the resource 
perspective using the navigator view was also correct.  Finally I tried the 
package view in the resource perspective and observed the same behaviour as 
that in the java perspective (40,000 compile errors).

A rebuild in both error cases clears all compile errors

eclipse-SDK-20020612
ibm jdk1.3.1

I closed 20 projects in the java perspective, choosing the projects from the 
package view.  The 20 projects I closed were org.eclipse.swt.* and 
org.eclipse.jdt.*  I closed all 20 projects simultaneously using the 
project>close menu.  I then re-openned all 20 projects simultaneously using the 
project>open menu pull down.  When I perform this operation I generage over 
40,000 compile errors.  It appears the projects are being re-openned one at a 
time, not in compile order.  I would expect the open project to perform the 
operation as a group, in compile order.

I repeated the same experiment in the java perspective using the navigator view 
and everything behaved correctly.  In addition the behaviour in the resource 
perspective using the navigator view was also correct.  Finally I tried the 
package view in the resource perspective and observed the same behaviour as 
that in the java perspective (40,000 compile errors).

A rebuild in both error cases clears all compile errors
Moving to core for further action.
This is a problem with the package view in the UI... the 20 projects are 
reopened one at a time in a random order. See WorkspaceAction.run() for how 
multiple projects should be closed/opened using a WorkspaceModifyOperation.

I tried this test and let it finish and all the compiler errors are eventually 
fixed... but they should never have been generated in the first place if a 
WorkspaceModifyOperation had been used.

Forget about the dependency on 20225... it doesn't need the fix for that 
problem.
The behaviour of this problem would be much better when 
http://dev.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=20689 is fixed... but this is still 
an obvious performance problem (which currently also shows the bug described in 
20689).
We should adapt OpenProjectAction in JDT UI.
Fixed in 2.1 stream for build > 20020813.
