I love some of the source code generation capabilites that exist, such as 
creating new source files, generating getter and setter methods, and creating 
implementation stubs for anonymous inner classes.  However, each of these gives 
me either no or minimal ability (e.g., source file creation) to specify the 
format of this auto-generated code.  There should be a way to tie this facility 
into the templates or something similar to templates so I can have greater 
control over customizing things like comments, method signature layouts, 
banners, etc.  The same should be true for the quick fix facility, which can 
offer me fixes like creating a method implementation that is referenced 
elsewhere in the code.  Unfortunately, the new method forces a particular type 
of signature (e.g., the method is always private).  It would be nice to have a 
drop-down list presented after clicking on the quick-fix icon where I could 
select the signature format I wanted.  Again, I should be able to customize 
these signatures using a template-like mechanism.

I love some of the source code generation capabilites that exist, such as 
creating new source files, generating getter and setter methods, and creating 
implementation stubs for anonymous inner classes.  However, each of these gives 
me either no or minimal ability (e.g., source file creation) to specify the 
format of this auto-generated code.  There should be a way to tie this facility 
into the templates or something similar to templates so I can have greater 
control over customizing things like comments, method signature layouts, 
banners, etc.  The same should be true for the quick fix facility, which can 
offer me fixes like creating a method implementation that is referenced 
elsewhere in the code.  Unfortunately, the new method forces a particular type 
of signature (e.g., the method is always private).  It would be nice to have a 
drop-down list presented after clicking on the quick-fix icon where I could 
select the signature format I wanted.  Again, I should be able to customize 
these signatures using a template-like mechanism.
code generation templates are in 2.1 M5
