From bug 225389:

1. Help->Workbench User Guide->Getting started->Basic Tutorial->A simple
project->Using the New button: At the bottom of the page there are references
to "Link with Editor".  It took me forever to find this, since I only knew,
this far into the documentation, about the context menus and it isn't there.  A
mention that there is a menu on the navigation windows at the inverted triangle
would help. Also the text of the item in Project Explorer is "Link Editor", no
"with", while in the Outline view it is "Link With Editor".

2. Help->Java Development User Guide->Getting Started->Sibing Prodects in a
common source tree: Line labeled 5. has a pathname missing the directory
"AllProducts", which doesn't match the picture.

3. Help->Java Development User Guide->Concepts->Java builder->Exclusion and
inclusion filters: ~3rd line - "... one can associate ... to ...." -> "... one
can associate ... with ...."

4. Help->Java Development User Guide->Concepts->Quick Fix: Second paragrpah,
~3rd line - "Each quick fix show a ...." -> "Each quick fix shows a ...."

5. Help->Java Development User Guide->Reference->Tips and tricks: Item "Use
Templates to create a method", 2nd paragraph - "... to navigate between ...."
-> "... to navigate among ....".

From bug 225389:

1. Help->Workbench User Guide->Getting started->Basic Tutorial->A simple
project->Using the New button: At the bottom of the page there are references
to "Link with Editor".  It took me forever to find this, since I only knew,
this far into the documentation, about the context menus and it isn't there.  A
mention that there is a menu on the navigation windows at the inverted triangle
would help. Also the text of the item in Project Explorer is "Link Editor", no
"with", while in the Outline view it is "Link With Editor".

2. Help->Java Development User Guide->Getting Started->Sibing Prodects in a
common source tree: Line labeled 5. has a pathname missing the directory
"AllProducts", which doesn't match the picture.

3. Help->Java Development User Guide->Concepts->Java builder->Exclusion and
inclusion filters: ~3rd line - "... one can associate ... to ...." -> "... one
can associate ... with ...."

4. Help->Java Development User Guide->Concepts->Quick Fix: Second paragrpah,
~3rd line - "Each quick fix show a ...." -> "Each quick fix shows a ...."

5. Help->Java Development User Guide->Reference->Tips and tricks: Item "Use
Templates to create a method", 2nd paragraph - "... to navigate between ...."
-> "... to navigate among ....".
I checked all the different points and it seems they are fixed.
Closing as FIXED.
