I have a workspace with two java working sets, which each have a mutually 
exclusive set of java projects. Sometimes I want to see all of the projects, so 
I deselect the current working set. When I do this, the package explorer gets 
completely screwed up - it looks as though it is expanding items in the tree 
based on their index, not on whether they were actually expanded in the 
previous view.

Imagine I have projects A1, A2 and X1 in working set A, and projects B1, B2 and 
B3 in working set B. I currently have working set B selected, and the package 
explorer looks something like this:

B1
B2
  src
    com.foo.bar
      Foo.java
      Bar.java
B3

If I deselect the working set, the package explorer now looks like this:

A1
A2
  src
    com.bar.fred
      Fred.java
      George.java
      Bill.java
    com.bar.alice
B1
B2
X1

In other words, because B2 was the second item in the tree, and was expanded, 
the item which is now the second item, A2, is expanded, and B2 has been 
collapsed! I find this is pretty repeatable and predictable.

I have a workspace with two java working sets, which each have a mutually 
exclusive set of java projects. Sometimes I want to see all of the projects, so 
I deselect the current working set. When I do this, the package explorer gets 
completely screwed up - it looks as though it is expanding items in the tree 
based on their index, not on whether they were actually expanded in the 
previous view.

Imagine I have projects A1, A2 and X1 in working set A, and projects B1, B2 and 
B3 in working set B. I currently have working set B selected, and the package 
explorer looks something like this:

B1
B2
  src
    com.foo.bar
      Foo.java
      Bar.java
B3

If I deselect the working set, the package explorer now looks like this:

A1
A2
  src
    com.bar.fred
      Fred.java
      George.java
      Bill.java
    com.bar.alice
B1
B2
X1

In other words, because B2 was the second item in the tree, and was expanded, 
the item which is now the second item, A2, is expanded, and B2 has been 
collapsed! I find this is pretty repeatable and predictable.
We shouldn't try to keep the selection in this case.
Got addressed for M5.
