Consider the following scenarios that can occur when defining exclusion 
filters for source file links in a single rooted tree. For all scenarios 
assume that up to 100 directories may need to be dealt with.

1. A source path should include a single directory. In this case you could 
have up to 99 directories that need to be excluded. With the current 
implementation each directory will need to be specified individually which is 
very tedious and error prone.

2. A source path should contain half the visible directories. Here it will be 
necessary to individually select the directories to be excluded individually, 
resulting in 50 invocations of the exclusion filter dialog. Again this is 
tedious and error prone.

One possibility to make the process of defining the contents of a linked 
source tree easier would be to allow multiple selection of directories so that 
all directories at the same level in the tree could be selected with a single 
interaction.

Another possibility would be to be able to specify whether a selected 
directory or file was to be excluded or included. This would be particularly 
convenient when only one or two directories are to be included in a source 
path and a large candidate search path exists.

The basic problem is that the current UI mechanisms do not scale well to large 
existing code bases.

Regards

Jonathan Gossage

Consider the following scenarios that can occur when defining exclusion 
filters for source file links in a single rooted tree. For all scenarios 
assume that up to 100 directories may need to be dealt with.

1. A source path should include a single directory. In this case you could 
have up to 99 directories that need to be excluded. With the current 
implementation each directory will need to be specified individually which is 
very tedious and error prone.

2. A source path should contain half the visible directories. Here it will be 
necessary to individually select the directories to be excluded individually, 
resulting in 50 invocations of the exclusion filter dialog. Again this is 
tedious and error prone.

One possibility to make the process of defining the contents of a linked 
source tree easier would be to allow multiple selection of directories so that 
all directories at the same level in the tree could be selected with a single 
interaction.

Another possibility would be to be able to specify whether a selected 
directory or file was to be excluded or included. This would be particularly 
convenient when only one or two directories are to be included in a source 
path and a large candidate search path exists.

The basic problem is that the current UI mechanisms do not scale well to large 
existing code bases.

Regards

Jonathan Gossage
Martin, what do you think about allowing multiple selections.
added > 20030204

New button 'Add Multiple'
