In the Triangle:Filters... dialog (named "Java Element Filters" once you open 
the window), there is nothing in the dialog to indicate that the selected items 
are ones you are filtering *out*, not filtering *in*.  Since "check mark" 
commonly means "include," but in this case means "exclude," there should be a 
clear message inside the dialog box to that effect.  E.g., instead of "Select 
the filters," say, "Select the items to exclude from view".

Alternately or additionally, change the semantics of the dialog so that check 
marks in the list represent items that *will* appear.

Especially confusing are the triple-negatives like "Non-Java projects".  OK, so 
we select the non-Java projects to not appear.  Does that mean that Java 
projects will appear or not?  It makes my brain hurt to try to figure it out.

This resembles the common code smell involving double-negative booleans:  the 
conditional

if (!isNotAvailable())

is very difficult to understand compared to 

if (isAvailable())

In the Triangle:Filters... dialog (named "Java Element Filters" once you open 
the window), there is nothing in the dialog to indicate that the selected items 
are ones you are filtering *out*, not filtering *in*.  Since "check mark" 
commonly means "include," but in this case means "exclude," there should be a 
clear message inside the dialog box to that effect.  E.g., instead of "Select 
the filters," say, "Select the items to exclude from view".

Alternately or additionally, change the semantics of the dialog so that check 
marks in the list represent items that *will* appear.

Especially confusing are the triple-negatives like "Non-Java projects".  OK, so 
we select the non-Java projects to not appear.  Does that mean that Java 
projects will appear or not?  It makes my brain hurt to try to figure it out.

This resembles the common code smell involving double-negative booleans:  the 
conditional

if (!isNotAvailable())

is very difficult to understand compared to 

if (isAvailable())
The description field provides you with the details about a filter.

I agree that we should improve the wording and avoid double negavties, instead 
of Non-Java projects -> Show Only Java projects.

Also the descriptions are not consistent yet (Filter... vs Hide...)
After discussion with Dani we came to the following conclusion:

*  change the list label to: "Select the elements to exlude from the view"

*  avoid double negatives in the description

*  do not use filter in the description
Fix available in builds >= I20030227
