I have the Apache Tomcat servlet.jar installed as for  
/var/tomcat4/common/lib/servlet.jar, and the documentation for it is at the URL   
http://jakarta.apache.org/tomcat/tomcat-4.1-doc/servletapi  
  
If I want to use that in my project to make javadoc links, I select the project  
and go to the menu "Project >> Generate Javadoc". The second page of the 
Javadoc Generation wizard provides a pane labeled "Select referenced classes to 
which Javadoc should create links" which lists an array of JAR files including 
the one indicated above. The default configuration is 
"/var/tomcat4/common/lib/servlet.jar - not configured". 
 
Clicking on the "Configure" button bring up a dialog for entering the URL of 
the javadocs to link to. I enter the URL indicated above and clikc "Okay". The 
Dialog does nothing in response. Clicking on "Validate" validates the URL. 
Clicking "Cancel" quits without changes. The correct behavior, of course, is to 
use the URL as entered.

I have the Apache Tomcat servlet.jar installed as for  
/var/tomcat4/common/lib/servlet.jar, and the documentation for it is at the URL   
http://jakarta.apache.org/tomcat/tomcat-4.1-doc/servletapi  
  
If I want to use that in my project to make javadoc links, I select the project  
and go to the menu "Project >> Generate Javadoc". The second page of the 
Javadoc Generation wizard provides a pane labeled "Select referenced classes to 
which Javadoc should create links" which lists an array of JAR files including 
the one indicated above. The default configuration is 
"/var/tomcat4/common/lib/servlet.jar - not configured". 
 
Clicking on the "Configure" button bring up a dialog for entering the URL of 
the javadocs to link to. I enter the URL indicated above and clikc "Okay". The 
Dialog does nothing in response. Clicking on "Validate" validates the URL. 
Clicking "Cancel" quits without changes. The correct behavior, of course, is to 
use the URL as entered.
This got addressed for the upcoming RC2 build.
