The Ctrl+1 approach to renaming directly in a compilation unit is excellent.  
Unfortunately it's not consistent.  Given the following code:

public class Foo {
  private String name;  // Case 2.

  public Foo() {
    super();
    name = "Eclipse";  // Case 1.
  }
}

Case 1: If you SELECT the "name" field in the Foo constructor and press Ctrl+1 
then you get the choice to "Local rename" the field.  This is working as 
expected.

Case 2: If you SELECT the "name" field in the declaration and press Ctrl+1 then 
you get "No corrections available".  This is NOT working as expected.


The only way to get "Local rename" to appear when editing a field declaration 
is to place the insertion cursor directly before, on or after the field name.

It should also work if you select the field name.  Strangely enough, it works 
if you only SELECT PART of the field name, but completely selecting field name 
causes it to fail.

The Ctrl+1 approach to renaming directly in a compilation unit is excellent.  
Unfortunately it's not consistent.  Given the following code:

public class Foo {
  private String name;  // Case 2.

  public Foo() {
    super();
    name = "Eclipse";  // Case 1.
  }
}

Case 1: If you SELECT the "name" field in the Foo constructor and press Ctrl+1 
then you get the choice to "Local rename" the field.  This is working as 
expected.

Case 2: If you SELECT the "name" field in the declaration and press Ctrl+1 then 
you get "No corrections available".  This is NOT working as expected.


The only way to get "Local rename" to appear when editing a field declaration 
is to place the insertion cursor directly before, on or after the field name.

It should also work if you select the field name.  Strangely enough, it works 
if you only SELECT PART of the field name, but completely selecting field name 
causes it to fail.
I can't reproduce this. When I select 'name' in 1) and 2) I both times get the
rename proposals.
Also partial selections or simply the cursor placed in the name works. Only if
the selection also includes a space no proposal shows up (that's ok)



Version: 2.1.0
Build id: 200305060800

I just re-tested Case 2 and it does NOT work for me.  I shall attach a screen 
shot.  Not sure what else to say that will help you reproduce and fix this 
problem.

Created attachment 4810
Screen Shot
Thanks for the screen shot, I did in fact not test this case (I mixed the two
cases).
fixed > 20030507
Thanks Martin... Yes, I'm a huge screen shot fanatic... I often attach screen 
shots since it's difficult to concisely describe the sitiuation with words 
alone!

This is a small bug, but nevertheless an important one.
