The behaviour of auto indenting in the text/java editor has changed between 2.x
and 3.0M4 with no way of selecting the original behaviour.  The following
snippet illustrates the issue.

   aMethodCall ( param1,
                 param2,

Pressing enter after param2, will leave the cursor indented two tabs in from the
begining of aMethodCall rather than at the same level as the param2 clause.  If
this behaviour is intentional there should be an option to choose the original
behaviour.

The behaviour of auto indenting in the text/java editor has changed between 2.x
and 3.0M4 with no way of selecting the original behaviour.  The following
snippet illustrates the issue.

   aMethodCall ( param1,
                 param2,

Pressing enter after param2, will leave the cursor indented two tabs in from the
begining of aMethodCall rather than at the same level as the param2 clause.  If
this behaviour is intentional there should be an option to choose the original
behaviour.
Actually it is TextFileBuffer.normalizeLocation(...)
Comment 1 does not belong to this PR.

If there's already a param on the line after the method then we should use the
same indent for further params.

I don't agree, as usually method calls are single or double indented. We should
really just read out or probe the formatter preferences if the formatting is not
deducible from the context, which it is not in this case.

Params get aligned if there is already an example for this, e.g.

aMethodCall ( param1,
                  param2, <- EXAMPLE
                  <- INDENT POSITION

but not in the case in comment 0, as some people would not want alignment even
if they put a parameter on the first line.

comments?
I'm not sure what point you're trying to make here.  If you look at comment 0
again what I'm saying is that if I try to add a third parameter the "context" of
the second parameter is ignored and the third param will not be at the same
level of indenting as the second.

You state that "Params get aligned if there is already an example for this" and
it is exactly this behaviour that I have reported as broken.  It simply does not
get aligned.

i.e.  I'm expecting to see this:

   aMethodCall ( param1,
                 param2,
                 param3,

but I'm getting this:

   aMethodCall ( param1,
                 param2,
      param3,

Regards.
Sorry, I hadn't read comment 0 carefully. Comment 0 and comment 3 describe the
same situation.

This has already been fixed in HEAD.
