I am using Eclipse 3.0M4 with the MyEclipse 2.6.3.  The project that I am 
working on is a MyEclipse Web Module Project.  The file that I renamed has a 
Run Configuration associated with it.  After I renamed the file, it 
disappeared from the Package Explorer, MyEclipse Perspective.  If I refreshed 
the project, the file was still hidden.  If I closed the project and reopened 
it, the file was visible again.  I tried renaming the file again and it 
disappeared again.  After I closed Eclipse and reopened it, the problem 
disappeared.  HTH.

I am using Eclipse 3.0M4 with the MyEclipse 2.6.3.  The project that I am 
working on is a MyEclipse Web Module Project.  The file that I renamed has a 
Run Configuration associated with it.  After I renamed the file, it 
disappeared from the Package Explorer, MyEclipse Perspective.  If I refreshed 
the project, the file was still hidden.  If I closed the project and reopened 
it, the file was visible again.  I tried renaming the file again and it 
disappeared again.  After I closed Eclipse and reopened it, the problem 
disappeared.  HTH.
This doesn't happen in a pure Eclipse install. Adnrew, MyEclipse isn't 
developed by eclipse.org so you have to report the bug in their bug system.
This is the response from the MyEclipse team:

===================
Interesting behavior. We don't do anything to the Package Explorer view at 
all, but if you do manage to come up with a reproducable sequence of steps 
that always makes it occur please let us know. We can then determine where the 
issue lies. ;-) 

--Scott 
MyEclipse Support 
===================

I have seen weird behavior like this in the 3.0 version of the Package 
Explorer without having any plugins installed.  It seems like it has to do 
with the refresh that occurs during a refactoring.

Until I figure out the steps to reproduce this, I too would consider this a 
WORKSFORME issue.
Andrew, we found a bug in the delta mechanism that could result in such a 
behaviour. Can you please retry with the upcoming M5 milestone build and 
reopen the bug if it still exists.
