The packages view has bugged me with a misbehaviour since Eclipse 2.0. But using
Eclipse 3.0 it gets me really crazy. To show you what its all about, lets see a
little example:

Having a Java project (or a plugin project) and also having two folders. The
first package contains the production code and the second contains all test
cases. So you got an directory structure like:

Project
 |-> src
  -> src-test

The src-test folder mirrors the package structure of the src folder. Meaning
having a class pack.pack2.AClass in the src folder results in having a test case
pack.pack2.TestAClass.

To play a good game with such a project I've open at least two windows. First
one to edit the src folder classes and a second to play with the src-test folder.

To select the folder the current window is working on I am using a projects
viewer and a package viewer. In the projects viewer I select the source folder I
want to work on. And the packages-viewer then shows up all packages(-fragments)
of that source-folder and when I select a single fragment the right types show
up in the types-viewer.

That's the way I think it's intended to work. But here is the funny part of the
story... . If you add an new package (which source folder ever) in one of your
windows, the second one (displaying a diffrent source folder) gets crazy and
starts to also show the new package, even if it's in a diffrent source folder.

To get rid of the unwanted package within the view, you have to select a
diffrent sourcefolder in the projects viewer, bring up the packages viewer and
then select back to the right sourcefolder. 

And that gets me really crazy. Normally you only add a package once in several
hours but currently I am adding tons of it to port some projects to check out
how M6 is feeling. And it is really a pain.

So I am considering it a bug.

Summery:
  * Using two windows having each a packages viewer
  * Every packages viewer shows a diffrent sourcefolder of the same project
  * If a new package gets added in one of the sourcefolders, all the package
    viewer will show it even the one showing a diffrent sourcefolder


Thanks for taking care,

Martin (Kersten)

PS: I love Eclipse anyways - great piece of craftsmanship! ;)

The packages view has bugged me with a misbehaviour since Eclipse 2.0. But using
Eclipse 3.0 it gets me really crazy. To show you what its all about, lets see a
little example:

Having a Java project (or a plugin project) and also having two folders. The
first package contains the production code and the second contains all test
cases. So you got an directory structure like:

Project
 |-> src
  -> src-test

The src-test folder mirrors the package structure of the src folder. Meaning
having a class pack.pack2.AClass in the src folder results in having a test case
pack.pack2.TestAClass.

To play a good game with such a project I've open at least two windows. First
one to edit the src folder classes and a second to play with the src-test folder.

To select the folder the current window is working on I am using a projects
viewer and a package viewer. In the projects viewer I select the source folder I
want to work on. And the packages-viewer then shows up all packages(-fragments)
of that source-folder and when I select a single fragment the right types show
up in the types-viewer.

That's the way I think it's intended to work. But here is the funny part of the
story... . If you add an new package (which source folder ever) in one of your
windows, the second one (displaying a diffrent source folder) gets crazy and
starts to also show the new package, even if it's in a diffrent source folder.

To get rid of the unwanted package within the view, you have to select a
diffrent sourcefolder in the projects viewer, bring up the packages viewer and
then select back to the right sourcefolder. 

And that gets me really crazy. Normally you only add a package once in several
hours but currently I am adding tons of it to port some projects to check out
how M6 is feeling. And it is really a pain.

So I am considering it a bug.

Summery:
  * Using two windows having each a packages viewer
  * Every packages viewer shows a diffrent sourcefolder of the same project
  * If a new package gets added in one of the sourcefolders, all the package
    viewer will show it even the one showing a diffrent sourcefolder


Thanks for taking care,

Martin (Kersten)

PS: I love Eclipse anyways - great piece of craftsmanship! ;)
Daniel, can you please investigate.
adapted summary to reflect the problem
Clearly a bug but marking as minor since it only happens if more than one window
is involved and the Packages view has no selection. If a package (fragment) is
selected in the Packages view it works as designed. Also, if you select the a
package (fragment) later, what's shown is correct.

This has been fixed a while ago.
