Watch calls to 
ContentAssistSubjectAdapter#addKeyListener
ContentAssistSubjectAdapter#removeKeyListener

On each call to CompletionProposalPopup#showProposals() (triggered by
Ctrl+Space), a MyKeyListener is added to the IContentAssistSubject. I think its
always the same KeyListener, but it is always added once more even if the popup
is already shown, and it's also added if the popup won't be shown because there
are no completions. It should not be added more than once, and only if the popup
is really there.

If I see that right, fKeyListener is never set to null, and the KeyListener is
always just removed *twice* when the popup goes away:
CompletionProposalPopup#unregister() is called once on hide(), and once when the
popup shell is disposed.

-> below the line: I think we're leaking KeyListener references here.

Watch calls to 
ContentAssistSubjectAdapter#addKeyListener
ContentAssistSubjectAdapter#removeKeyListener

On each call to CompletionProposalPopup#showProposals() (triggered by
Ctrl+Space), a MyKeyListener is added to the IContentAssistSubject. I think its
always the same KeyListener, but it is always added once more even if the popup
is already shown, and it's also added if the popup won't be shown because there
are no completions. It should not be added more than once, and only if the popup
is really there.

If I see that right, fKeyListener is never set to null, and the KeyListener is
always just removed *twice* when the popup goes away:
CompletionProposalPopup#unregister() is called once on hide(), and once when the
popup shell is disposed.

-> below the line: I think we're leaking KeyListener references here.
fixed > 20040301
start verifying
If I press Ctrl-Space multiple times the key listener is added each time. It is
always removed twice (unless there are no proposals, in that case it is added
once and removed once). Not fixed yet.

Please reopen.

.
Changing milestone to M9.
.
fixed > 20040329

The previous solution only handled auto activation and auto-insertion of single
proposals, but not multiple invocation.

Now, the keylistener gets only added if the popup shell is not showing and is
removed if the popup is not shown (due to auto-insertion etc.).

The keylistener is still added before looking for proposals in order to avoid
keystrokes (caret moves) going to the subject between invoking content assist
and showing the proposals.
