What happened to the bold character? IMHO it was much better than these pink 
squares. I usually do not need that information (where an expression starts or 
finishes) and when I do need, the bold character was nicer to my eyes.

These pink squares seem to be saying "Hey, I'm here! Look at me!!! Loook!!!".

I understand that for some people the bold character would probably be no 
different than the normal character and that this new one calls the attention 
much better (yes, it does).

If we are staying with the pink squares, can we make than optional? Or, is 
there a way to active them dynamically? For example, if I'm lost in my java 
file, and would like to know where an expression finishes or starts I would 
press ALT+"magic key" and get the pink squares.

What happened to the bold character? IMHO it was much better than these pink 
squares. I usually do not need that information (where an expression starts or 
finishes) and when I do need, the bold character was nicer to my eyes.

These pink squares seem to be saying "Hey, I'm here! Look at me!!! Loook!!!".

I understand that for some people the bold character would probably be no 
different than the normal character and that this new one calls the attention 
much better (yes, it does).

If we are staying with the pink squares, can we make than optional? Or, is 
there a way to active them dynamically? For example, if I'm lost in my java 
file, and would like to know where an expression finishes or starts I would 
press ALT+"magic key" and get the pink squares.
The bolding had problems with proportional fonts and resulted in flicker.

you can't make it right for everyone, so this smells like a preference.
You have always been able to double click inside a bracket and text up to the 
matching bracket will be selected. I use this "on-demand" bracket matching 
fairly often, maybe once a week. Would be really nice if automatic bracket 
matching was optional. Would also be nice if *all* automatic stuff in the 
editor was optional. You can leave it on as the default if you like (other 
companies do this to make sure people know about the automatic features of the 
editor). But make sure that there is a very easy place to turn all automatic 
features off (one at a time, of course, but all of them). Automatic features 
are not always welcome in an editor - in fact sometimes, they are distinctly 
unwelcome. They slow people down, they slow the editor down, they are 
distracting, and they get in the way. If they are buggy (or hot pink <g>) then 
it is even worse.
Pref page reworked. Build 2001113.
