M9 and RC1
Linux-motif

I have run into a situation where pressing the ctrl key causes a new state that
I don't know how to get out of or how to use.

When I am in this state, pressing the ctrl key causes the everything between the
cursor position and the next syntactic element to be higlighted in yellow
(similar to the highlighting that occurs if the overwrite option is enabled in
the content assist preferences -- although this option is not enabled).  The
normal functioning of the ctrl key is gone: i.e. pressing ctrl-space does
nothing, but pressing ctrl-1 still seems to function.

ctrl-space is broken everywhere in the file, but the highlighting only takes
place before the location where the problem started. The highlighting always
ends at the same place, but starts from whereever the cursor is currently
located when the ctrl key is pressed.

I caused this by trying to invoke the generate accessors method.  I.e., I added
two fields to my file, then immediately after that I pressed 'ge<ctrl-space>'
and when that didn't work, I pressed '<ctrl-1>' I may have pressed <ctrl-space>
again when the hover came up mentioning that no corrections were available.

restarting eclipse eliminates the problem

There is nothing in the .log file to indicate that there is an internal error

I could not reproduce this problem by following the above steps after restarting
eclipse.

M9 and RC1
Linux-motif

I have run into a situation where pressing the ctrl key causes a new state that
I don't know how to get out of or how to use.

When I am in this state, pressing the ctrl key causes the everything between the
cursor position and the next syntactic element to be higlighted in yellow
(similar to the highlighting that occurs if the overwrite option is enabled in
the content assist preferences -- although this option is not enabled).  The
normal functioning of the ctrl key is gone: i.e. pressing ctrl-space does
nothing, but pressing ctrl-1 still seems to function.

ctrl-space is broken everywhere in the file, but the highlighting only takes
place before the location where the problem started. The highlighting always
ends at the same place, but starts from whereever the cursor is currently
located when the ctrl key is pressed.

I caused this by trying to invoke the generate accessors method.  I.e., I added
two fields to my file, then immediately after that I pressed 'ge<ctrl-space>'
and when that didn't work, I pressed '<ctrl-1>' I may have pressed <ctrl-space>
again when the hover came up mentioning that no corrections were available.

restarting eclipse eliminates the problem

There is nothing in the .log file to indicate that there is an internal error

I could not reproduce this problem by following the above steps after restarting
eclipse.
has been fixed for 3.1
