I created simple class in one of the packages:

/**
 * @author AChapiro
 *
 * TODO To change the template for this generated type comment go to
 * Window - Preferences - Java - Code Style - Code Templates
 */
public class Test {
	String a = "AAAA"
	String b = "BBBB";
	String c = "CCCC";
	/**
	 * 
	 */
	public Test() {
		super();
		// TODO Auto-generated constructor stub
	}

}

Then I externalized this three strings. I used accessor and properties files
that were located in another package in the same plugin. 
In "Configue Accessor Class" dialog at its top half I changed package name ,
then I pressed Brose button to change the Class name. I got a hourglass cursor
forever. Nothing was opened, but I still could operate with this cursor and
cancel this dialog. Then I open it once again and finished externalization
successfully.
Then I added one more string, and re-opened externalization once again. The
strings I just externalized couple of mouse clicks ago were error-marked. I 
should re-configure it once again. After that due to filtration old lines
disapeared from the list, but after I unchecked "Filter all existing ignored..."
I saw old strings error-marked with a message "Entry is missing in the property
file" (I think this message is about new string). I cancelled, checked
properties file, strings were there. Then I reopened this dialog once again,
un-checked filter and found that the first old string lost error mark (but still
have an empty value as all others). If I press Next->Finish, wizard cleaned up
old strings in the properties file (so it found them!). Once externalizing new
strings I replaced all strings that had been already externalized with empty
values because if you did not uncheck filter there was no any indication about a
problem. 
I didn't describe here minor issues. Anyway,there is a bunch of errors in this
dialog.

I created simple class in one of the packages:

/**
 * @author AChapiro
 *
 * TODO To change the template for this generated type comment go to
 * Window - Preferences - Java - Code Style - Code Templates
 */
public class Test {
	String a = "AAAA"
	String b = "BBBB";
	String c = "CCCC";
	/**
	 * 
	 */
	public Test() {
		super();
		// TODO Auto-generated constructor stub
	}

}

Then I externalized this three strings. I used accessor and properties files
that were located in another package in the same plugin. 
In "Configue Accessor Class" dialog at its top half I changed package name ,
then I pressed Brose button to change the Class name. I got a hourglass cursor
forever. Nothing was opened, but I still could operate with this cursor and
cancel this dialog. Then I open it once again and finished externalization
successfully.
Then I added one more string, and re-opened externalization once again. The
strings I just externalized couple of mouse clicks ago were error-marked. I 
should re-configure it once again. After that due to filtration old lines
disapeared from the list, but after I unchecked "Filter all existing ignored..."
I saw old strings error-marked with a message "Entry is missing in the property
file" (I think this message is about new string). I cancelled, checked
properties file, strings were there. Then I reopened this dialog once again,
un-checked filter and found that the first old string lost error mark (but still
have an empty value as all others). If I press Next->Finish, wizard cleaned up
old strings in the properties file (so it found them!). Once externalizing new
strings I replaced all strings that had been already externalized with empty
values because if you did not uncheck filter there was no any indication about a
problem. 
I didn't describe here minor issues. Anyway,there is a bunch of errors in this
dialog.
Do you still see these problems?
No, I don't (with 3.01). Seems to be fixed.
Thanks for the response. Setting to Fixed
