In earlier versions of Eclipse it was possible to have multiple source folders 
and have each source folder as its own output folder. 

For example in a project Foo with structure

Foo/src/main
Foo/src/tests

I could have src/main as source folder and as its own output folder and the same 
for src/tests. The default output folder could be left as Foo in this case.

In 3.1M5 the GUI forbids this: Trying to use a source folder as output folder, 
the Okay button is disabled and a message "The selected folder 'src/main' is a 
source folder" is shown. 

Additionally, it is not possible to keep the project root as default output 
folder in this case ("Cannot nest 'Foo/src/main' inside output folder 'Foo/'"). 
I can get around that by defining a non-existant sub directory. Since it is 
never needed it is not created. But that's still a pretty ugly solution.

Using a source folder as output folder doesn't seem to be a problem: It worked 
just fine for me in earlier Eclipse versions and still works fine when the 
project root is used for both. And in case of just a single source folder 
Eclipse can be tricked to use it as output folder by setting identical default 
source and output folders during project creation.

Maybe I am the only person on this planet who passionately hates having separate 
build folders, but please remove this GUI restriction again.

In earlier versions of Eclipse it was possible to have multiple source folders 
and have each source folder as its own output folder. 

For example in a project Foo with structure

Foo/src/main
Foo/src/tests

I could have src/main as source folder and as its own output folder and the same 
for src/tests. The default output folder could be left as Foo in this case.

In 3.1M5 the GUI forbids this: Trying to use a source folder as output folder, 
the Okay button is disabled and a message "The selected folder 'src/main' is a 
source folder" is shown. 

Additionally, it is not possible to keep the project root as default output 
folder in this case ("Cannot nest 'Foo/src/main' inside output folder 'Foo/'"). 
I can get around that by defining a non-existant sub directory. Since it is 
never needed it is not created. But that's still a pretty ugly solution.

Using a source folder as output folder doesn't seem to be a problem: It worked 
just fine for me in earlier Eclipse versions and still works fine when the 
project root is used for both. And in case of just a single source folder 
Eclipse can be tricked to use it as output folder by setting identical default 
source and output folders during project creation.

Maybe I am the only person on this planet who passionately hates having separate 
build folders, but please remove this GUI restriction again.
Still exists in I20050324-1400

Martin, can you please investigate. This seems to be a regression and if
possible we should try to fix this for M6. Otherwise M7.
fixed the bug with the output forlder on the source folder > 20050329

For the problem with the creating the non existing sub-directory:
I assume you have the default output location set to your project. You should
only get a warning about nesting if there's at least one source folder in the
project that really uses the default output location. I tried to reproduce that,
but as soon as I give all source folders a specific output location, the problem
is fixed.
I would be glad if you could file a different bug for this, containing the steps
to reproduce. It seems to be a problem in jdt.core.
