Problem: Translatable text has been found before the <META> tag which defines
the CHARSET value for these file. This will cause the translated text to be
corrupted when the text is seen by the end user.

Solution:  Place all <meta> tags before the <title> tag.

The following files are incorrect:

ECLIPSE\PLUGINS\ORG.ECLIPSE.JDT.DOC.USER\DOC_ZIP\GETTINGSTARTED\
  QS-2.HTM      HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-3.HTM      HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-4.HTM      HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-ADDMETHOD.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be
defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-BASICTUTORIAL.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be
defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-BROWSING.HTM       HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be
defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-CONTENTASSIST.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be
defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-DETECTINGEXISTINGLAYOUT.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-EDITORTEMPLATES.HTM          HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-EXTRACTMETHOD.HTM            HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-JUNIT.HTM                    HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-LOCALHISTORY.HTM             HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-NAVIGATE.HTM                 HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-OPENJAVAEDITOR.HTM           HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-ORGANIZEIMPORTS.HTM          HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-ORGANIZINGSOURCES.HTM        HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-PROJECTCONFIGURATION.HTM     HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-WORKINGWITHEXISTINGLAYOUT1.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line
5 must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-WORKINGWITHEXISTINGLAYOUT2.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line
5 must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-WORKINGWITHEXISTINGLAYOUT3.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line
5 must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-WORKINGWITHEXISTINGLAYOUT4.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line
5 must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-WORKINGWITHEXISTINGLAYOUT5.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line
5 must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  

ECLIPSE\PLUGINS\ORG.ECLIPSE.JDT.DOC.USER\DOC_ZIP\REFERENCE\
  REF-VIEW-OUTLINE.HTM                 HTML-40     868   Translatable text on
line 5 must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  REF-VIEW-PACKAGE-EXPLORER.HTM        HTML-40     868   Translatable text on
line 5 must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  


ECLIPSE\PLUGINS\ORG.ECLIPSE.JDT.DOC.USER\DOC_ZIP\TASKS\
  TASKS-180.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 4 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 6  
  TASKS-181.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-182.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-183.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-184.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-185.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-186.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-187.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 6  
  TASKS-188.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-189.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-190.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-191.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 6  
  TASKS-192.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 6  
  TASKS-193.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-194.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-195.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-196.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 6  
  TASKS-197.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-198.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 6  
  TASKS-199.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 6  
  TASKS-200.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-201.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-202.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-212.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-213.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-214.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7 
  TASKS-45.HTM    HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7

Problem: Translatable text has been found before the <META> tag which defines
the CHARSET value for these file. This will cause the translated text to be
corrupted when the text is seen by the end user.

Solution:  Place all <meta> tags before the <title> tag.

The following files are incorrect:

ECLIPSE\PLUGINS\ORG.ECLIPSE.JDT.DOC.USER\DOC_ZIP\GETTINGSTARTED\
  QS-2.HTM      HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-3.HTM      HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-4.HTM      HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-ADDMETHOD.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be
defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-BASICTUTORIAL.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be
defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-BROWSING.HTM       HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be
defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-CONTENTASSIST.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be
defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-DETECTINGEXISTINGLAYOUT.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-EDITORTEMPLATES.HTM          HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-EXTRACTMETHOD.HTM            HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-JUNIT.HTM                    HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-LOCALHISTORY.HTM             HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-NAVIGATE.HTM                 HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-OPENJAVAEDITOR.HTM           HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-ORGANIZEIMPORTS.HTM          HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-ORGANIZINGSOURCES.HTM        HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-PROJECTCONFIGURATION.HTM     HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5
must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-WORKINGWITHEXISTINGLAYOUT1.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line
5 must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-WORKINGWITHEXISTINGLAYOUT2.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line
5 must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-WORKINGWITHEXISTINGLAYOUT3.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line
5 must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-WORKINGWITHEXISTINGLAYOUT4.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line
5 must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  QS-WORKINGWITHEXISTINGLAYOUT5.HTM  HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line
5 must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  

ECLIPSE\PLUGINS\ORG.ECLIPSE.JDT.DOC.USER\DOC_ZIP\REFERENCE\
  REF-VIEW-OUTLINE.HTM                 HTML-40     868   Translatable text on
line 5 must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  
  REF-VIEW-PACKAGE-EXPLORER.HTM        HTML-40     868   Translatable text on
line 5 must be defined after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 8  


ECLIPSE\PLUGINS\ORG.ECLIPSE.JDT.DOC.USER\DOC_ZIP\TASKS\
  TASKS-180.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 4 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 6  
  TASKS-181.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-182.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-183.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-184.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-185.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-186.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-187.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 6  
  TASKS-188.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-189.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-190.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-191.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 6  
  TASKS-192.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 6  
  TASKS-193.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-194.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-195.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-196.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 6  
  TASKS-197.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-198.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 6  
  TASKS-199.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 6  
  TASKS-200.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-201.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-202.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-212.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-213.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7  
  TASKS-214.HTM   HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7 
  TASKS-45.HTM    HTML-40     868   Translatable text on line 5 must be defined
after CHARSET <META> tag.  Line: 7
Fixed.
Can this fix also go in the 3.0.2 Maintenance stream? 
Should be doable. Have to get PMC approval first.
One question: will the translated help be redone for 3.0.2. Otherwise this fix
will not fix it for translated help.
*** Bug 81861 has been marked as a duplicate of this bug. ***
David, can you please comemnt on comment #4. And can you please outline why it
is important to backport this to 3.0.2. 
I'm sorry Dirk.  There is no need to have this fix in for 3.0.2.  

Thank you.
Thanks David.

Marking as fixed then.


META tag and Title tag need to be switched in JDT Doc

