Assuming the main reason behind wanting to split a variable declaration is to 
assign the variable in muliple places within a method, the following "final" 
declaration still needs to be edited after the split:

    final String text = "text";

would be split into:

    final String text;
    text = "text";

It seems like the assist should either automatically remove the "final" 
keyword after the split, prompt the user with the option after selecting to do 
a split, or offer a second split option up front that will remove the keyword.

Assuming the main reason behind wanting to split a variable declaration is to 
assign the variable in muliple places within a method, the following "final" 
declaration still needs to be edited after the split:

    final String text = "text";

would be split into:

    final String text;
    text = "text";

It seems like the assist should either automatically remove the "final" 
keyword after the split, prompt the user with the option after selecting to do 
a split, or offer a second split option up front that will remove the keyword.
Adding more proposals or showing a dialog is both not preferred, but I think
having the final removed would make sense.
Or what do you think if I add a new quick fix for the error that you get when
you assign to a final varabble that is already assigned ('Remove final modifier')?
It seems like both should be implemented.  I would still like to see the first 
option implemented (removing the keyword) so that splitting a variable 
assignment remains a single step instead of the two step process of splitting 
it, then always following that step with the next quick fix to remove the 
keyword.  The second option would still be useful for times when you make a 
second assignment first without realizing that the assigned variable is final.
fixed > 20040226

added new quick fix 'remove final'
final is removed when splitting


The split variable declaration quick assist doesn't account for "final" declarations



52703 The split variable declaration quick assist doesn't account for "final" declarations 

52703 The split variable declaration quick assist doesn't account for "final" declarations 

52703 The split variable declaration quick assist doesn't account for "final" declarations 